"A Big Decision"
One evening, Tom got an email from a school in another city. It was a big surprise. The school wanted him to be the new director. It was a great opportunity, but it was also a big decision.

"You should read this," Tom said to Anna. "They want me to be the director of a school in the north."

"Wow," Anna said. "What do you think? Can you do it?"

"I think I can," Tom said. "But I'm not sure I should. We have a good life here."

They sat down at the kitchen table and talked about it for a long time.

"If you take the job, we will have more money," Anna said. "You will have a better position too."

"Yes, but if we move, we will have to leave our friends and our house," Tom said. "And you may not find a new job easily there."

"That's true," Anna said. "But if we don't try, we might always wonder what could have happened. We must think about the future, not only about now."

Tom didn't know what to do. He had to give an answer by Friday. The school was going to call him at nine in the morning.

"Maybe we should make a list," Anna said. "Good things and bad things."

They took a piece of paper and made two lists. On one side: more money, a better position, a new city to explore. On the other side: leaving friends, a new school for the children, less family time at first.

"I could ask for more time," Tom said. "Maybe they can wait one more week."

"You could try," Anna said. "But I don't think they will wait very long. They need an answer soon."

The next day, Tom talked to Mark at school during their break. "I have a big decision to make," Tom said, and he told Mark about the job offer.

"What should I do?" Tom asked.

"You have to decide what's important to you," Mark said. "But if you ask me, I think you should take the risk. You can always come back if it doesn't work."

"That's true," Tom said. "But it's not easy."

"Nothing important is easy," Mark said with a smile. "You must trust yourself a little more."

That night, Tom couldn't sleep well. He kept thinking about the decision. In the morning, he woke up early and made a decision.

"I'm going to call them," he said to Anna. "I've decided."

"What are you going to say?" Anna asked.

"I'm going to say yes," Tom said. "If we don't try new things, we will never grow. And you always say we should take more chances."

Anna smiled. "I did say that. Okay, let's do it. When are we going to move?"

"They want me to start in September," Tom said. "So we will have some time to plan everything."

"We're going to need a new house," Anna said. "And we must tell our families soon."

"We can tell them this weekend," Tom said. "We're having dinner with my parents on Saturday."

Over the next few weeks, they made a lot of plans. They talked to a few schools for Anna, and they looked at houses online. It wasn't easy, but they felt good about the decision.

"Do you think we're doing the right thing?" Anna asked one night.

"I don't know for sure," Tom said. "But if we never take chances, life will always stay the same. And I don't want that."

"Neither do I," Anna said. "This could be a really good change for us."

In September, they moved to the new city. It was different, and sometimes difficult, but they were happy with their decision. They knew that if things didn't work well, they could always try something else. But for now, they were excited about their new life.

The end.